Lvgl doc and cookbook upgrade to v9 (#6328)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: src/content/docs/components/lvgl/widgets.mdx

- **scale** (*Optional*, 0.1-10): Scale of the image. (The deprecated name `zoom` is also accepted.)
- **image_recolor** (*Optional*, [color](/components/lvgl#lvgl-color)): Color to mix with every pixel of an image Note that `image_recolor_opa` defaults to TRANSP, so it must also be set.
- **image_recolor_opa** (*Optional*, [opacity](/components/lvgl#lvgl-opacity)): Opacity of the image recoloring.

> - **bitmap_mask_src** (*Optional*, [image](/components/image#display-image)): The ID of an existing image configuration to be used as an A8 bitmap mask on a layer created for this widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **bitmap_mask_src** (*Optional*, [image](/components/image#display-image)): The ID of an existing image of type `grayscale` to be used as an A8 bitmap mask on a layer created for this widget.
```

      - **end_value**: The value in the scale range to modify the ticks to.
      - **local**: If `true` the ticks' color will be faded from `color_start` to `color_end` in the start and end values specified above. If `false`, `color_start` and `color_end` will be mapped to the entire scale range (and only a *slice* of that color gradient will be visible in the indicator's start and end value range). Defaults to `false`.
  - **draw_ticks_on_top** (*Optional*): If `true`, the ticks and their labels will be drawn on top of the indicators, otherwise they will be drawn under the indicators. Defaults to `true`.
  - **range_from** (**Required**): The minimum value of the tick scale. Defaults to `0`.
  - **range_to** (**Required**): The maximum value of the tick scale. Defaults to `100`.
  - **rotation** (*Optional*): The rotation angle offset of the tick scale.
  - **ticks** (**Required**, list): A scale can have minor and major ticks and labels on the major ticks. To add the minor ticks:
    - **color** (*Optional*, [color](/components/lvgl#lvgl-color)): Color to draw the ticks. Required if `count` is greater than `0`. Defaults to `0x808080`.

>     - **count** (**Required**): How many ticks to be on the scale. Defaults to `12`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ticks** (*Optional*, list): A scale can have minor and major ticks and labels on the major ticks. To add the minor ticks:
- **color** (*Optional*, [color](/components/lvgl#lvgl-color)): Color to draw the ticks. Required if `count` is greater than `0`. Defaults to `0x808080`.
- **count** (**Required**): How many ticks to be on the scale. Defaults to `12` and must be not less than `2`.
```
